1.)Machine learning is when the program is given a set of information and then provides the user with an answer.The answer could be totally not what the user 
   is looking for.This can depend on whether it is supervised or not.Machine learning can help with learning patterns and forming ones that where never known about.
   Machine learning ivolves applying statistics learning techniques to make highly accurate predictions.	
   Machine learning is not something that is hard coded it uses integrated knowledge.
   There are differrent uses for machine learning like autogenerated words when you send an email.
2.)Supervised Learning is when the program is given the information such as the input and the output and is used to figure out the desired output of another question.
   This can be useful for many reasons so many different scenarios can be played out due to the passed information given.
   It can also be used to discover patterns in graphs and data sets which is useful for testing.
   Some widely used learning algorithms are:Support Vector Machines,linear regression,logistical regresson,linear discriminant analysis.
3.)Unsupervised learning is when the program draws interences from datasets with input data without labeled responses.The most common unsupervised learning method
   is cluster analysis,which is used for exploratory data analysis to find hidden patterns or grouping in data. This uses the least human supervision.
   Unsupervised learning can be a goal in itself or a means towards an end.There is an issue with unsupervised learning because it can be harder compared to supervised learning.
   There could be an issue because we dont know if the answers are meaningful. 2 models of unsupervised learning is Clustering and Association.
4.)One interesting trend in self driving cars is that it will priorities the most lives it will save.This is an interesting because the user of the car would usually prioritize their
   own live rather that others but now the desision is not up to you if there is a choice if an accident occurs example the car goes out of control due to wetness is the road but it can it a family 
   or just you in the car so the car would prioitize the family and you would die. Thats an interesting thing about self driving cars.