1.)Files or databases from the system that is being replaced
   Manual records
   Files or databases from other systems within the organisation
   User feedback from when the system is operating normally

2.)Users only have to know how to work the program whereas the system operators have to know how the code works.

3.)A Direct Deployment is an instant deployment to instances that are externally accessible. 
   Advantages:

   If the system is not critical, this can be a good method for implementation
   Disadvantages:

   If you are not sure the system will work, this method of implementation may not be a good idea
   Parallel
   When the new system is used at the same time as the old system the two systems are said to be running in parallel.

   Advantages:

   Users can can compare the output of the old system with the output of the new system, to ensure correctness
   There is little risk of data loss because the known-good system is running
   Disadvantages:

   Users must take more time to enter data into two different systems
   Data could be different in two different systems if there is intensive data entry


   Phased
   When small parts of the new system gradually replace small parts of the old system, the implementation method is said to be phased.

   Advantages:

   Training can be completed in small parts
   A failure of the new system has minimal impact because it is only one small part
   Issues around scale can be addressed without major impact.
   Disadvantages:

   This implementation method takes more time to get the new system fully online than other methods.
   There is a possibility of data loss if part of the new system fails.
4.) Adaptive, corrective, perfective and preventive. 
    Adaptive:Adding new voice-based search features in the operational system.
	    Adding new user interface to operational system.
    Perfective Maintenance: Coversation of command line system to graphical user interface.
			    Upgrading wireless network.
   Preventive maintenance:Installing new antivirus software
			  Implement regular defragmentation process.
   Corrective Maintenance:Suppose a system is generating errors during authenticating login of emplyee whose already are already being verified such erros are corrected during corrected 
			  during corrective maintenance.
			  An error in a program that result in wrong output is debugged and corrected under corrective maintenance.
5.)Having the continuous process in place to refactor the code as it needs maintenance.
